# PlayerPreferences (tribot-script-sdk 1.0.70 API)

**URL:** https://runeautomation.com/docs/sdk/javadocs/org/tribot/script/sdk/antiban/PlayerPreferences.html

**Package:** Packageorg.tribot.script.sdk.antiban

---

* java.lang.Object
* + org.tribot.script.sdk.antiban.PlayerPreferences

* ---

```
public class PlayerPreferences
extends java.lang.Object
```

Utility class for generating player specific preferences.
These preferences are unique to each in-game account.

See Also:
[`preference(String, Function)`](#preference(java.lang.String,java.util.function.Function))

* + ### Nested Class Summary

Nested Classes | Modifier and Type | Class | Description |
| `static class` | `[PlayerPreferences.Generator](PlayerPreferences.Generator.html "class in org.tribot.script.sdk.antiban")` | Class to assist with generating unique player-specific preferences |

+ ### Constructor Summary

Constructors | Constructor | Description |
| `[PlayerPreferences](#%3Cinit%3E())()` | |

+ ### Method Summary

All Methods [Static Methods](javascript:show(1);) [Concrete Methods](javascript:show(8);) | Modifier and Type | Method | Description |
| `static <T> T` | `[preference](#preference(java.lang.String,java.util.function.Function))​(java.lang.String key,
java.util.function.Function<[PlayerPreferences.Generator](PlayerPreferences.Generator.html "class in org.tribot.script.sdk.antiban"),​T> generatorFunction)` | Gets a preference, or generates the preference if it doesn't exist. |

- ### Methods inherited from class java.lang.Object

`clone, equals, finalize, getClass, hashCode, notify, notifyAll, toString, wait, wait, wait`

* + ### Constructor Detail

- #### PlayerPreferences

```
public PlayerPreferences()
```

+ ### Method Detail

- #### preference

```
public static <T> T preference​(java.lang.String key,
java.util.function.Function<[PlayerPreferences.Generator](PlayerPreferences.Generator.html "class in org.tribot.script.sdk.antiban"),​T> generatorFunction)
```

Gets a preference, or generates the preference if it doesn't exist. The preference is generated by calling the generatorFunction parameter with a [`PlayerPreferences.Generator`](PlayerPreferences.Generator.html "class in org.tribot.script.sdk.antiban") seeded with the current in-game account name and the preference key.
Each preference is unique to the in-game account. When another account is used, these are cleared and the preferences will be regenerated again.

Example usage: `PlayerPreferences.preference("org.tribot.Antiban.eatPercent", g -> g.uniform(30, 60))`
This above line would generate a value evenly distributed from 30-60 for all accounts.
Calling that method with the same parameters always gives the same value for the same account, even if you re-run the script on another machine.

Note that some level of care must be taken to not duplicate the preference key - see the preference `key` docs for a convention to follow.

Type Parameters:
`T` - the preference type
Parameters:
`key` - the preference key - a general naming convention to follow is package.Class.field (ex. org.tribot.Npcs.RandomPreference) to prevent collisions. This key must be unique. If two generator functions give different results for the same key, the behavior may be inconsistent.
`generatorFunction` - a function to generate the preference given a [`PlayerPreferences.Generator`](PlayerPreferences.Generator.html "class in org.tribot.script.sdk.antiban") seeded with the in-game account and preference key
Returns:
a preference for the current account based on the generator function